Data Scientist
Posted 3 days ago∙Apply by February 2, 2026 at 2:59 AM

Save
Share

Apply


Save

Apply
At a glance
$9K per month or more
Medical, dental, and vision coverage plus paid time off
Onsite, based in Palo Alto, CA
Work in person from the location
Job
Full-time
US work authorization required
Eligible for visa sponsorship and open to candidates with OPT
What You'll Work On

At Reinforce Labs, we partner directly with customers to build AI systems that enhance the safety and reliability of their complex, high-impact applications. In this role, you'll engage directly with clients to deeply understand their specific challenges, conduct thorough data analysis, and deliver trust and safety AI solutions. You'll implement advanced machine learning techniques including LLMs, reinforcement learning, and deep learning - often translating cutting-edge research papers into practical applications.

This position combines technical depth with significant client-facing responsibilities. You'll tackle high-stakes problems with unclear solutions but real-world consequences. Key responsibilities include:

Design industry leading benchmarks, leaderboards to help build clear view of AI safety, security and compliance landscape
Develop customer facing reporting and analytics to facilitate communication of safety standards
Be the bridge between business teams and tech teams to communicate core internal metrics, results and expectations
Maintain internal business dashboards to analyze impacts and make data-driven decisions
Our success is measured by real-world impact. You'll develop and ship solutions that protect people and platforms at scale while building trusted relationships with the clients who depend on our technology.

Must-Have

Apply advanced statistics techniques to build metrics, data insights processing and analytics
Hands-on experience in designing experimentation frameworks 
Translate data into stories with visualizations to help make data-driven decisions
Experience in BI and analytics tooling
Apply ETL skills to build automated data and analytics pipelines
Proficiency in Python, SQL and data manipulation skills
Nice-to-Have

Experience partnering with trust & safety leads and background in trust & safety, moderation, AI safety, or security-focused ML to deliver state-of-the-art solutions [a big plus]
An advanced degree in computer science or a related field
LLM and agentic framework experience
Experience in early-stage startups
Experience in customer-facing AI technical solutions
Who We Are

Reinforce Labs is a small team with a clear mission: to use AI to make critical systems safer, not just smarter.

We value:

Willingness to learn new things, take on diverse tasks, and challenge yourself
Hands-on technical excellence
Ownership
Ability to handle ambiguity
Fast, results-driven delivery
Less
What they’re looking for
You do not match any qualifications.
Masters
Doctorate
Business Administration & Management major
Computer Science major
Information Systems Management major
Cyber Security major
Matching is based on your profile.
Update profile.
What this job offers
$9K per month or more
Medical, dental, and vision coverage
Bonus
Equity package
Paid time off
Paid sick leave
Parental leave